---
layout: post
title:  SANS Offensive Operations London 2023 
date:   2023-02-11 14:00:16
description: "SEC575 Mobile Device Security and Ethical Hacking"
tags: cybersecurity, sans 
categories: work 
---

In the spring of 2023, I embarked on a unique journey to London, where the world of cybersecurity and the cultural treasures of the city seamlessly merged. At the heart of my visit was the SANS Offensive Operations course, but London had much more to offer than just technical knowledge.

SANS Offensive Operations Course: This intensive program provided a deep dive into offensive cybersecurity. Through hands-on labs and expert guidance, I honed my skills in ethical hacking, penetration testing, and exploit development. Collaborating with professionals from diverse backgrounds enriched the learning experience. [Jeroen Beckers](https://blog.nviso.eu/author/jbeckers/) was the trainer for SEC575 Mobile Device Security and Ethical Hacking.

Exploring London's Rich Heritage: Beyond the course, I immersed myself in London's historical gems. Windsor Castle, with its regal charm, offered a glimpse into royal history. The Tower of London, home to the Crown Jewels, was a journey through centuries of intrigue. Buckingham Palace's Changing of the Guard ceremony showcased British traditions, while the British Museum housed treasures from around the world, highlighting human civilization's richness.

**Conclusion**: My London trip was a perfect blend of professional growth and cultural immersion. I left not only with enhanced cybersecurity skills but also with a deep appreciation for London's history and traditions. It was an experience that enriched my mind and soul, leaving me with lasting memories of both cybersecurity challenges and the timeless allure of London's landmarks.
